Master, it hurts so much.
All four families have removed me from the list
Leave nothing
It seems that Guangzhou is about to change
Maybe I won't have a chance
The Liang family has been expelled by me
There is still Beckham who doesn't know the sky is high and the earth is thick
Want to fight me
All right, then send him to Africa to farm
Warriors don't all ruin me
As for the other troublemakers
Take it all out for me
You are responsible for handling it, right?
It's none of my business to take away
It has nothing to do with me.
It's the sky that makes me do this
Find me tomorrow
Mr. Gong Mr. Gong
Even if Xue Zhilong dies, let me die and understand
Who are you?
You don't deserve to know to take away
This is the birthday statue created by the world-colored coral.
I'll give this to Mr. Lin
Because the Lin grandmother was kind to me back then
I promise the ranger to be thorough
It's like fulfilling one of my promises
There's another one.
It is the top car of the only one car in the building. Lao brand car
The other one is a tiger roaring mountain and river made of gold
Give it to Mr. Lin
I hope Mr. Lin likes it.
Mr. Long is attentive
Sister, were you blind?
Such a nice man can let you shut up